Updates to ExternalName doc (#6664)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-kubernetes-services/index.md

HTTP requests and the external service requires TLS, you may want to perform TLS origination by Istio. If your workload
already uses TLS, the traffic is already encrypted and you can just disable Istio's mutual TLS.

     {{< warning >}}

>      This page describes how Istio integrates with existing Kubernetes configurations. For new deployments, we recommend following [Accessing Egress Services](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-control/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     This page describes how Istio can integrate with existing Kubernetes configurations. For new deployments, we recommend following [Accessing Egress Services](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-control/).
```

Also, should we move this up to the top of the doc?
